## Install Dome for android project

1. follow install docker 
```bash
./cros_docker update
./cros_docker pull
./cros_docker install
./cros_dcoker run
```
2. Fastboot 上传Dome必要文件 **android_apk android_preflash_img (*.img) gpt_bin (*.bin) ota_zip (*.zip)**
**android_apk** from PDK local built
**android_preflash_image** from image_tool.py built
**gpt_bin** from image_tool.py built
**ota_zip** from [andorid ci](ci.andorid.com)
```bash
image_tool.py \
-d /path/to/userdebug_image.bin \
-o /path/to/output/preflash.img \
-g /path/to/output/mbr-gpt.bin \
--user_data_size USER_DATA_SIZE_IN_GiB \
--gpt_sector_size SECTOR_SIZE_IN_BYTE \
--factory_app /path/to/factory_app.apk \
--ota_package /path/to/ota_package.zip
```

## Fastboot with DOME / UMPIRE server

The fastboot orchestrator is installed in the DOME server as a service running on UMPIRE.
If you want to use it through DOME, please follow the steps below to start the fastboot service.
If you want to use fastboot orchestrate directly, please go to the Fastboot with Fastboot
orchestrator.
1. Set up the DOME/UMPIRE server
a. Follow "Software" section to Install docker
b. Follow "Download and install factory server" section to download the docker
image and start the server

2. On the browser side, connect to the DOME server (by default it’s localhost:8000). In the
landing page, create a new project with its arbitrary name, and toggle the “Is this an
Android project” checkbox.

3. Once the project is created, left-click into it and enable the Umpire service. Then, go to
the "Bundles" page to upload the factory preflash image and the GPT.bin, both
generated by image_tool.
a. Optionally, upload an OTA package to `ota_zip` payload. The package will be
downloaded to DUT by running the `Download User Image OTA Package` factory
action on DUT.
b. Updating the factory app with `android_apk` payload from DOME is not
supported yet.

● Note: please upload each resource one by one instead of packing them into a
compressed file and uploading with `Upload factory bundle`, which is not
supported yet.

4. After the resource is uploaded, click the “FASTBOOT” button on the top right corner to
designate this bundle as the proper bundle for fastboot imaging.
a. Note: Every time you switch the bundle (Ex. upload new image), make sure to
click DEPLOY again so fastboot service will then use the new resource. Simply
toggling the "ACTIVE" status of a bundle will not change the bundle that fastboot
uses.

5. On the “dashboard” page, locate the “umpireGrpc” dropdown. Toggle active and click
DEPLOY.
a. This Grpc service is used to communicate with DUT for factory tests.

b. The umpireGrpc service port is just the Umpire port plus 9. If you open the
Umpire on port 8080, the umpireGrpc service will be on port 8089. For tests that
need to communicate with the Umpire, please make sure to fill in the server URL
with the port of the umpireGrpc service. (E.g. 192.168.1.190:8089)
6. On the “dashboard” page, locate the “fastbootService” dropdown and configure the
following arguments.
a. dutIpAddrs: The desired IP addresses to scan for fastboot. This field accepts
either a single IP address or a CIDR range. To add multiple IP addresses, click
the “+” button in the top right corner.
i. To ensure efficient scanning, we advise setting 1~3 CIDR ranges, each
with a network prefix of 24. Please avoid scanning over 1000 ip
addresses at one time, which may cause network congestion.
b. ScanInterval: The interval for calling nmap to scan over all the IP in
`dutIpAddrs`. The default is 10 seconds.
i. 10 seconds is a recommended interval for 1 CIDR range. If you use more
CIDR ranges, then you may have to enlarge the interval.

c. BoardName: Fill the model name of DUT since there is no “board” concept in
new devices. This field is used by userspace fastboot to check if the DUT is the
target device that we want to flash.
d. ModelName: The model name of the DUT, which is used by firmware fastboot to
check if the DUT is the target device that we want to flash.
e. IdleTimeout: The maximum idle duration for a single flashboot operation. The
default is 300 seconds.
After configuring the arguments, switch the active toggle and then press DEPLOY, then
the fastboot service would be running in the background. To stop it, deactivate the toggle
and then deploy again.
